[Music]
hello guys
i'm mr gray welcome back to my channel
this is a hollywood sci-fi movie name
beyond reanimator
released in 2003 the young boy named
howard
is in his backyard in a tent sharing
scary stories with his friend
meanwhile his sister emily comes to the
kitchen to drink milk from the
refrigerator
howard sneaks in and frightens her
unknowing to them
what seems to be a jawless monster comes
into their house
and grabs emily and slams her on the
wall killing her
then it goes to the kitchen and drinks
the milk a police
officer comes in and shoots it killing
the monster later a policeman puts a
severed hand into a bag
but it seems to move on its own howard
witnesses a man getting arrested
the man is dr herbert west the doctor
drops a vial of green glowing liquid
before getting into the police car and
howard picks it up
the intro of the movie comes in and a
considerable amount of time has passed
dr herbert west has been serving a
prison sentence due to a murder at the
hands of one of his
zombies with scant supplies he has on
hand in the prison medical center
dr west has been capable of performing
only extremely basic experiments on rats
however his lack of supplies does not
prevent him from uncovering a key
element in his reanimation process
dr west has discovered npe also called
as nanoplasmic energy
an energy that can be extracted from the
brain of a living organism through an
electrocution-like
process to be stored in a capsule
resembling a small light bulb
the ratty used in his experiment was
actually one of the inmates pet rat
now howard is grown up and comes to work
as the new doctor in the prison
he is taken to see the warden laura a
journalist is interviewing the warden
they all introduce themselves as they're
talking
a guard rushes in and hurries the doctor
away to help a prisoner having a heart
attack
then he is rushed in for medical care
unfortunately it was too late
howard introduces himself to west and
shows him the glowing green vial
and says that he wants to work with him
dr wet
i mean dr west examines the vial and
tests it on the recently deceased
prisoner
he injects a little on the back of his
head his mouth starts to foam
and howard rushes to help him but he is
attacked the guards come in to stop the
prisoner and one of them
gets bitten finally dr west manages to
sedate him
the warden comes in and the prisoner who
gets scared at the sight of the warden
is back to his normal self and begs for
forgiveness
but crushes his pp damn i feel sorry for
him
but in the next scene the warden walks
fine without any pain in his pp
that must be some pp made of steel
howard meets laura and drives her home
as her leg was wounded
and he tells laura about emily howard
gets upset and leaves
the next day howard arrives at the
prison and he brings the supplies dr
west asked for
they both set up the lab howard begins
to treat the patients and helps dr west
later
at the end of the day meanwhile laura
researches about dr west and his
experiments
howard's and laura's relationship
develops days pass
and the new vial is created they decide
to test it on the dead mice from earlier
that successfully works reviving the
mice but it behaves violent like his
previous subjects until it's given np
dr west gives the revived pet rat back
to the angry man
because he threatened them earlier laura
wants to talk to the bald prisoner who
was reanimated
the warden entered the cell already
having his pp crushed
he got his ear bitten off by the bald
guy the warden really doesn't feel any
pain
beats the bald guy to death after the
warden who is also infatuated with laura
abuses her eventually killing her
crushed by laura's death
dr howard succumbs to dr west's wishes
weston phillips revive laura with the np
although it is quickly seen that the
dangerous side effects of west's past
work are still present with the np
the angry guy takes his mouse to his
cell and lets it to go eat its food
the reanimated bold guy picks the rat up
and tries to eat it
a guard comes in to stop the ruckus the
baldi spits the mouse and it lands on
the guard's face biting his nose
eventually the warden of the prison
uncovers west's experiments
and moves to put an end to them but he
is killed by west
at the same time baldi beats up the
guard and the angry man takes the keys
and opens up all the doors in the prison
which leads to a riot
the two doctors take wardens np using
huge amount of electricity
doing so kills the warden they use it on
laura reviving her completely
the three walk out of the room men on
their way out the angry man comes and
grabs laura
she runs away to escape from them west
uses the npe from the pet trap to revive
the dead warden
causing some unexpected side effects in
the warden's behavior
the men catch up to laura but she kills
them all the revived warden beats west
unconscious
he then takes the green liquid then
revives the dead guards along with the
inmates
the angry man is revived but he is split
in half yeti attacks west
but being the main character in the
movie west overpowers him and throws him
away
since the wardens npe was used on laura
she shows traits of the warden and
fights with howard
but howard finally kills laura by
decapitating her
the half angry man reappears and
launches himself at west
but west manages to defeat him when the
chaos finally settles from the bloody
prison riot
west escapes captivity before the guards
appear by stealing philips id
as the police and authorities take
control of the prison phillips is
dragged away as he and laura's
decapitated head start laughing
thank you for watching my video have a
great day